hardware.md, before:

## Hardware Guide

Here is some sample hardware you can use to build your own Go Note Go. Costs might exclude taxes and shipping.

### Raspberry Pi 400

Link: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-400-unit/

Details: I use the US keyboard. You can purchase from e.g. PiShop. I recommend ordering the following as a bundle:
 - The Raspberry Pi 400 unit ($70)
 - Class 10 microSD Card With Raspbian - 16GB
 - USB-C Power Supply, 5.1V 3.0A, Black, UL Listed
 - Micro-HDMI to HDMI cable for Pi 4, 3ft, Black

Cost: $91

### Voice bonnet

Link: https://www.adafruit.com/product/4757

Notes: I've actually had some issues with these. The microphone records a high pitched noise and the audio output is quiet and muffled. I will suggest an (untested) alternative speaker and mic below.

Cost: $20

### 2x20 Connector

Link: https://www.adafruit.com/product/4079 OR https://www.adafruit.com/product/2223

Recommendation: Get the [long pins one](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2223). The [short pins one](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4079) is sleeker but the long pins might become necessary for connecting the button. TBD.

Notes: Use this to attach the voice bonnet to the Pi.

Cost: $3

### 10000 mAh battery

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07JYYRT7T

Notes: There are lots of options for the battery. This one works just fine. Could choose one with more storage for longer battery life if desired, but might get clunky. You also don't strictly _need_ a battery. You can also power Go Note Go directly from your car, laptop, or a standard outlet via USB. So if your use case allows Go Note Go to remain plugged in during use, you can forego the battery.

Cost: $19 (currently $14)

### Velcro

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08P3MXLLD

Notes: I use this Velcro to mount the keyboard to the passenger side of the car, and to mount the battery to the back of the keyboard. When applying the sticky side to a car dashboard, allow to dry overnight.

Cost: $7

### USB Cables

Links:
* 3 ft USB - USB C cable: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B089DM4KDW
* 6 in USB - USB C cable: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B012V56D2A

Cost: $13 ($6.99 for 3 ft and $5.99 for 6 in)

### The Beautiful Red Button

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00T6RCGNC

Cost: $9

### Alternative Mic and Speakers

Links:
* Microphone: https://www.adafruit.com/product/3367 ($6)
* Adafruit Speaker: https://www.adafruit.com/product/3369 ($13)
* Etsy Speaker: https://www.etsy.com/listing/1056790095/usb-speaker-stick ($30)

Notes: I am considering these as an alternative to the Adafruit Voice Bonnet. I really like the LEDs on the voice bonnet though, so TBD.

Cost: $19 - $36

---

## Other tools:

### External monitor and a USB Mouse.

These will be useful for configuring and debugging Go Note Go, e.g. setting up WiFi and configuring your note-taking system.

### Wire, Wire Stripper

If you use The Beautiful Red Button you'll need wire and wire strippers. For wire I used 18 gauge lamp wire I got from Home Depot.

Possible link: https://www.lowes.com/pd/Southwire-25-Ft-18-2-Black-Stranded-Lamp-Cord/5001050863

Wire stripper link: https://www.amazon.com/Mr-Stripper-Stripping-Crimping-Electrical/dp/B086V5M1B4 (Chose this one arbitrarily; I got mine at Home Depot)

Notes: I don't know if this is the best choice for wire; a higher gauge might be better.

### Solder? Soldering iron?

I haven't had to use solder yet, but might need to for hooking up the button.

Hot glue or heat shrink and a heat gun might be nice-to-haves too to ensure solid stable connections.

### Possible other parts for button

These might be useful for connecting the button to the GPIO pins on the Pi:
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0774NMT1S
I don't know. In my experience these were too loose to fit nicely on the GPIO pins.

I'm going to try these next: GenBasic 40 Piece Female to Female Jumper Wires (4 Inch) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077N58HFK ($5)

Commit message:

Update hardware and installation instructions for the latest build. (#39)

hardware.md, after:

## Hardware Guide

Here is some sample hardware you can use to build your own Go Note Go. Costs might exclude taxes and shipping.

### Raspberry Pi 400

Link: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-400-unit/

Details: I use the US keyboard. You can purchase from e.g. [PiShop](https://www.pishop.us/product/raspberry-pi-400-complete-kit/). I recommend ordering the following as a bundle:
 - The Raspberry Pi 400 unit ($70)
 - Class 10 microSD Card With Raspbian - 16GB
 - USB-C Power Supply, 5.1V 3.0A, Black, UL Listed
 - Micro-HDMI to HDMI cable for Pi 4, 3ft, Black

Cost: $91

### USB Mic and Speakers

Links:
* Microphone: https://www.adafruit.com/product/3367 ($6)
* Adafruit Speaker: https://www.adafruit.com/product/3369 ($13)
* Etsy Speaker: https://www.etsy.com/listing/1056790095/usb-speaker-stick ($30)

Cost: $19 - $36

---

## Additional Hardware: Take Go Note Go on the Go

The following parts are optional, but will better allow you to take Go Note Go on the go.

### 10000 mAh battery

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07JYYRT7T

Notes: There are lots of options for the battery. This one works just fine. Could choose one with more storage for longer battery life if desired, but might get clunky. You also don't strictly _need_ a battery. You can also power Go Note Go directly from your car, laptop, or a standard outlet via USB. So if your use case allows Go Note Go to remain plugged in during use, you can forego the battery.

Cost: $19 (currently $14)

### Velcro

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08P3MXLLD

Notes: I use this Velcro to mount the keyboard to the passenger side of the car, and to mount the battery to the back of the keyboard. When applying the sticky side to a car dashboard, allow to dry overnight.

Cost: $7

### USB Cables

Links:
* 3 ft USB - USB C cable: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B089DM4KDW
* 6 in USB - USB C cable: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B012V56D2A

Cost: $13 ($6.99 for 3 ft and $5.99 for 6 in)

### The Beautiful Red Button

Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00T6RCGNC

Cost: $9

---

## Other tools

These tools aren't Go Note Go specific, but will help you in the setup process.

### External monitor and a USB Mouse.

These will be useful for configuring and debugging Go Note Go, e.g. setting up WiFi and configuring your note-taking system.

### Wire, Wire Stripper

If you use The Beautiful Red Button you'll need wire and wire strippers. For wire I used 18 gauge lamp wire I got from Home Depot.

Possible wire link: https://www.lowes.com/pd/Southwire-25-Ft-18-2-Black-Stranded-Lamp-Cord/5001050863

Wire stripper link: https://www.amazon.com/Mr-Stripper-Stripping-Crimping-Electrical/dp/B086V5M1B4 (I chose this link arbitrarily; I got mine at Home Depot).

Notes: I don't know if this is the best choice for wire; a higher gauge might be better.

### Solder? Soldering iron?

I haven't had to use solder yet, but might need to for hooking up the button.

Hot glue or heat shrink and a heat gun might be nice-to-haves too to ensure solid stable connections.

### Possible other parts for button

These might be useful for connecting the button to the GPIO pins on the Pi:
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0774NMT1S
I don't know. In my experience these were too loose to fit nicely on the GPIO pins.

I'm going to try these next: GenBasic 40 Piece Female to Female Jumper Wires (4 Inch) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077N58HFK ($5)
