README.md, before:

# Go Note Go

_Go Note Go is a note-taking system for when you're on the go, with a focus on driving and camping._

[Read about it here.](https://davidbieber.com/projects/go-note-go/)

## Features

* Take notes using audio or text
* Take notes offline
* Automatically export notes to your favorite note-taking systems when internet becomes available
* Automatic transcription from voice to text
* No monitor. No distractions. Audio notes are safe for driving.
* Free and open source software, inexpensive hardware
* Add custom voice and text commands
* Lots of built in commands

## Supported Note-taking Systems

* [Roam Research](https://roamresearch.com/)
* [RemNote](https://www.remnote.com/)
* [IdeaFlow](https://ideaflow.app/)
* [Mem](https://mem.ai/)
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)
* [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/)
* [Email](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Email)

Want to contribute a new note-taking system?

## Built in commands

Have a look at [command_center/commands.py](gonotego/command_center/commands.py) to see the currently supported commands.

Some ideas for commands include:

* Reading back old notes
* Spaced Repetition
* Perfect Pitch Practice
* Reminders
* Calculator
* Sending messages
* Setting alarms
* Programming with Codex
* Question answering
* Hearing the Time

## Hardware Parts

Go Note Go is designed to run on a [Raspberry Pi 400](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-400/).

Recommended additional hardware:

* 1 USB speaker
* 1 USB microphone

Recommended hardware to install Go Note Go in your car, to truly take Go Note Go on the go:

* Velcro
* 10000 mAh battery
* 3 ft USB - USB C cable
* 6 in USB - USB C cable

See the [hardware guide](hardware.md) to know exactly what to buy.

## Installation

See the [installation instructions](installation.md) to get started.

## Recent Updates

### NetworkManager Support
Go Note Go now uses NetworkManager instead of wpa_supplicant for WiFi management. 
This provides a more robust networking solution with easier configuration options.

If you're updating from a previous version, run the migration script:
```bash
sudo /path/to/GoNoteGo/scripts/migrate_to_networkmanager.sh
```

Benefits of NetworkManager:
- Better handling of network connections
- Improved stability and reliability
- More configuration options
- Better integration with modern Linux distributions

## History

[Learn about Go Note Go's predecessor "Shh Shell" here.](https://davidbieber.com/projects/shh-shell/)

[Hear Go Note Go's origin story here.](https://davidbieber.com/post/2022-12-30-go-note-go-story/)

Commit message:

Update README to use wifi-migrate command instead of removed script

README.md, after:

# Go Note Go

_Go Note Go is a note-taking system for when you're on the go, with a focus on driving and camping._

[Read about it here.](https://davidbieber.com/projects/go-note-go/)

## Features

* Take notes using audio or text
* Take notes offline
* Automatically export notes to your favorite note-taking systems when internet becomes available
* Automatic transcription from voice to text
* No monitor. No distractions. Audio notes are safe for driving.
* Free and open source software, inexpensive hardware
* Add custom voice and text commands
* Lots of built in commands

## Supported Note-taking Systems

* [Roam Research](https://roamresearch.com/)
* [RemNote](https://www.remnote.com/)
* [IdeaFlow](https://ideaflow.app/)
* [Mem](https://mem.ai/)
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/)
* [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/)
* [Email](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Email)

Want to contribute a new note-taking system?

## Built in commands

Have a look at [command_center/commands.py](gonotego/command_center/commands.py) to see the currently supported commands.

Some ideas for commands include:

* Reading back old notes
* Spaced Repetition
* Perfect Pitch Practice
* Reminders
* Calculator
* Sending messages
* Setting alarms
* Programming with Codex
* Question answering
* Hearing the Time

## Hardware Parts

Go Note Go is designed to run on a [Raspberry Pi 400](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-400/).

Recommended additional hardware:

* 1 USB speaker
* 1 USB microphone

Recommended hardware to install Go Note Go in your car, to truly take Go Note Go on the go:

* Velcro
* 10000 mAh battery
* 3 ft USB - USB C cable
* 6 in USB - USB C cable

See the [hardware guide](hardware.md) to know exactly what to buy.

## Installation

See the [installation instructions](installation.md) to get started.

## Recent Updates

### NetworkManager Support
Go Note Go now uses NetworkManager instead of wpa_supplicant for WiFi management. 
This provides a more robust networking solution with easier configuration options.

If you're updating from a previous version, use the built-in migration command:
```bash
wifi-migrate
```

Benefits of NetworkManager:
- Better handling of network connections
- Improved stability and reliability
- More configuration options
- Better integration with modern Linux distributions

## History

[Learn about Go Note Go's predecessor "Shh Shell" here.](https://davidbieber.com/projects/shh-shell/)

[Hear Go Note Go's origin story here.](https://davidbieber.com/post/2022-12-30-go-note-go-story/)
